Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, y'all know who this is boy,
For real The art of getting robbed This is how we
Do Brooklyn-style, boy, you know what I'm saying?
R.
I.
P B.
I.
G, nigga R.
I.
P P.
C, R.
I.
P I got my nigga 50 Cent, yo, this is how it feel,
How to rob a industry nigga Don't take this shit 'cause we
Just buggin' the fuck out Enough of that shit, it's time to O.
D, one time But y'all could take it how you want it,
Word Ayo the bottom line is I'm a crook with a deal If my record
Don't sell I'ma rob and steal You better recognize, nigga,
I'm straight from the street These industry niggas is starting
To look like something to eat I'll snatch Kim and tell Puff, "
You want to see her again?
Dance your ass down to the nearest ATM" I have dreams of fucking an R&
B bitch But I wake up early and bounce with all her shit When I apply
Pressure, son, it ain't even funny I'm about to
Stick Bobby for some of that Whitney money Brian Mc
Knight, I can get the nigga anytime Have Keith sweating,
Staring down the barrel on my nine Since these Harlem World
Niggas seem to all be fam I put the gun to Cardan, tell him, "
Tell your man" Mason Betha, haha Come up off that watch now,
I mean right now The only excuse for being broke is being in jail An
Entertainer can't make bail, he broke as hell I'd rob ODB,
But that'd be a waste of time Probably have to clap him,
Run and toss the nine I'd follow Fox in the drop for four blocks
Plotting to jux her for that rock Kurupt
Copped What Jigga just sold, like four milli?
He got something to live for Don't wanna nigga putting four
Through that Bentley coupe door I'll manhandle Mariah like "
Bitch, get on the ground You ain't with Tommy no mo',
Who gon' protect you now?
" I been scheming on Tone and Poke since they found me Steve know not
To wear that platinum shit around me I'm a klepto, nah for real, son,
I'm sick I'm 'bout to stick Slick Rick for all that old school shit
Right now I'm bent and when I get like this I don't think About to
Make Stevie J take off that tight ass mink I'll rob Pun without a gun,
Snatch his piece then run This nigga weigh
Four hundred pounds, how he gonna catch me, son?
This ain't serious Being broke can make you delirious So we rob and
Steal so our ones can be bigger 50
Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?
This ain't serious Being broke can make you delirious So we rob and
Steal so our ones can be bigger 50
Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?
I'll catch P and Silkk the Shocker right after the Grammys And Will
Smith and Jada ass down in Miami Run up on
Timbaland and Missy with the pound Like, "
You, give me the cash, you, put the hot dog down" I figured it out,
Niggas been robbing Joe before That's why his ass
Don't wanna be a player no more My attitude while robbing J.
D.? "
Fuck you, pay me!" Had Da Brat with 'em,
Should've had his gat with him DMX wanna get down, well, you tell,
Homie I'm on that Treach shit,
I do my dirt all by my lonely I should rob Clue, man,
His shit did well I wanna stick TQ,
But his shit ain't sell I hit the studios,
Take niggas' jewels and leave Catch Rae, Ghost,
And RZA for them funny ass rings Tell Sticky give me the cash before
I empty three I'll beat your ass like that white boy on MTV Canibus
Wanna battle while I'm sticking him up Fuck the cab,
The coroners picking 'em up Heavy tried to
Hide his shit, hey nigga I saw you He said "
Why you robbing me?
I got nothing but love for ya" Caught Juvenile for
His Cash Money piece Told him I want it all, he said, "
Even my gold teeth?" I caught Blackstreet on a back street in a black
Jeep One at a time,
Get out and take off your shine Did you
Ever think that you would be this rich?
Did you ever think that you would have these hits?
Did you ever think that I'd flash the nine?
And walk off with your shit like it's mine?
I'ma keep sticking niggas until I'm living I'll rob Boyz II Men like
I'm Michael Bivins Catch Tyson for half that cash like Robin Givens
I'm hungry for real,
I'm about to stick Mister Cee That nigga still eating off Big's first
LP I had Busta and the whole Flipmode on the
Floor He asked me if I had enough, I told him, "
Gimme some more" If you feeling this,
Then wait for the sequel I gotta get Kirk Franklin for robbing God's
People This ain't serious Being broke can make you delirious So we
Rob and steal so our ones can be bigger 50
Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?
This ain't serious Being broke can make you delirious So we rob and
Steal so our ones can be bigger 50
Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?
Yo, yo, for real son, this The Madd Rapper, you know what I'm saying?
And for real, you know what I'm sayin'?
Niggas just gotta get stuck up, yo,
That's just how it goes down It don't matter if you an industry nigga
Or a regular nigga or a bitch It really don't matter if
You got it and I need it I want it You know what I'm saying?
That's just how it go down 50 Cent ain't fuckin' around,
Trackmasters ain't fuckin' around Crazy Cat ain't fuckin'
Around, The Madd Rapper ain't
Fuckin' around You know what I'm saying?
So watch your backs, watch your pocket book,
Watch your pockets Watch everybody on
The train, watch everybody on the bus '
Cause we gonna get you whether you like it or not